What's up, y'all? Anyone scared of WWIII? Can you guys go buy Nvidia (NVDA) GPUs to help humans not kill each other yet? Lmfao, it's just ridiculous, everything is. I mean, I sit up at night thinking about these trades and I realize how foolish I am for just thinking about how mispriced everything is, and then everything just falls into place.

RGR is up in the last two weeks; this stock trades less than 55k shares a day and has always been extremely illiquid. Guess what's going on? Ruts down like 7%, and RGR is almost tick for tick correlated because algos go brrrrrrrr. I mean, man, it's a bit overvalued (I will never sell, diamond hands, hodl AMC, GME go brrrr) before this, but to outperform the direct thing it's priced off of by 4x while only trading 55k shares? I'm just laughing. This market is currently the most inefficient since computer trading.

Like the retards say, "price is price," even after earnings reports. TSMC and especially MU had some of the worst numbers I've ever seen from companies that are considered blue chips (never in my book). I mean, guys, what in the fuck is priced in at this point? The next homeless guy or a monkey with a dart board could make better price targets. I know we all want a 10-bagger, but the fiend over this is just over. We're dealing with an entirely different idea of money. This modern monetary policy is just a completely failed idea. It got granted, stressed to the maximum, but to act like it will return is just beyond ridiculous.

Japan is so fucked that the chair of their bank said it's failed and they are fucked. Like, what do they do? There may be severe hindsight of kind of answers, but currently, they are royally fucked. Buy guns, buy gold, buy companies that actually sell shit that people genuinely can use. No IP nonsense. Trade those companies that want to have a monopoly. Buy good shit. RGR does not have a perfect business model, nor do they have "the best product/marketable." You know what they do have? They have incredible shareholder value. They don't do stock buybacks. You know why? Because they give YOU the investor, yes, you the investor, control with whatever YOU want to do with YOUR money.

Take a deep breath, I know. Everyone gets fucked by the system. Think about a company that allows you to protect your 2nd amendment, in my opinion, the most important one, while receiving some of, if not the BEST track record of dividend growth payout, transparency, and management that's publicly listed. All you need is $60. Drop the mic. If you asked me about Microsoft back in the day (2012, 2018, 2020 when I bought), I would say the same thing. RGR is just miles above SWSI, and the gun market is only going to grow. It rarely ever contracts, and on top of that, it grows well beyond inflation. In fact, the long-term inflation rate for certain firearms can be 8.5%, reaching as high as 20%. The long-term average rate of these assets is all over 1.7-9%, some even from the '70s. Depending on make, model, manufacturers, etc. Honestly, who the hell knows.

Off-topic, but the gun community has to be one if not the best out there. I cannot stress how every individual that's an avid gun enthusiast is willing to teach and be patient with new consumers. Like man, go to the gun range, bring your shitty .22 or whatever you can buy at Walmart, and ask the guys around the range if they will help. My God, they are the best people I've ever met. I remember when I was a kid trying to sight my .306 for white-tail gun season and I left my sighting scope at home (MAJOR NEWB IKIKIKIKIK). A dude on the range saw I was kinda struggling and offered his AND offered to spot a few mags, saying (2 ticks up, one over, blah blah). LIKE WHERE DO U GET THIS? This guy wants to come shoot his guns, and he's taking 15 mins out of his day (I didn't even ask) to offer help. I got a 7-point that year. Dedicated to that guy. What a fucking guy, man.

Now, not discounting there are some rotten apples, but my God, man. The people in the gun community are just some of the most down-to-earth people, and I don't see that ever changing. I mean, fuck, I can count three YouTube channels with over 4 million subs. Anyways, I'm a dumbass; I've been buying TLT like everyone else. I'm usually very contrarian, as seen in all of these notes. But there have to be ideas about whether the market moves up or rates move down. Most likely both happen, but the safer bet is that the higher end of the yield curve goes down.

Yes, I know Japan has a fuck ton of debt they need to sell to do their stupid swap shit, but I think their pension funds are looking at valuations and not seeing the risk to reward like I've been talking about for roughly 10 months since I longed Google at dead ass the bottom. Shout out to Citadel for missing pricing that 120 call, love, Griffin.

The biggest question is where do we go from here. The answer is IDK CHAT. This is one of the few times in my young career where honestly cash can make u 5% at Morgan Stanley, I'm parking it. I've got a little position in TLT that I want to build; I'm in no way married to it. At this point, I think if it breaks 80, it may make a stop run which I will go in heavy, kinda watch there. I personally think there's a ridiculous amount of demand through these pension funds and endowment funds that can no longer just smash their brain and invest into, say, the top 40 stocks. The basic fundamentals of these companies are going suddenly negative, making these book nerds with their 7% terminal growth rates (the most basic lacking of towards how tech can have diminishing returns) suddenly realize, oh fuck.

Look at several names, most likely in Q3 here and Q4; it's GOING to happen. Just pray you don't own those, I guess? Some, if not all, of these high (over 30 fwd P/E ratio) names will go down like, idk, 30% on a random earnings report if not more. Look at 2000 to the woodshed. The weirdest part is people took a bit to realize it. I still really like PYPL. I've got some money set aside, as well as my initial position. Just waiting for a time to buy; the market has just been chilling. I'm really just waiting until this upcoming earnings report. Their FCF is great; I just want to see that continuation.

I have this weird part of my brain where $DIS (sorry, I talk in stonks) is such a buy, and then
